This lesson we're going to be adding inquiry into our mix.
So we've already got our R L here so let's create another area here and then in here I want to create
a select option.
So this is going to be selecting the resource that the user wants to use in order to make the AJAX call
to the available u r l that we've specified there in that above input.
So first one will be a value of just plain old Javascript.
And let's duplicate this one out and a couple more times because we're all ultimately at the end of
this application.
We're not just going to have javascript.
We're going to have a query.
Let's update our text here as well.
We're also going to have acquiesce so it's really nice late Ajax library its promise based Axel's and
also javascript fetch.
So we just call it fetch.
I know it's still javascript's it works in the newer browsers doesn't work in some of the older browsers.
So this one uses promises this what these two still use the same javascript are SML HTP request so there's
still going to be using that same request.
So that's why all three of these are going to work across browsers and Frenches fetches a little bit
newer.
So it uses promises and that makes the connection and a little bit of a different way.
And this is still all Finola javascript but it's still relatively new.
So not all the browsers are able to work with fetch.
So that's why fetch really it's coming along but it's still not there yet as we need to have support
for across browsers.
So now that we've gotten this selection process we need to have a way whenever the user makes the request
so we can add an over here which call it's going to make.
So we know that we've got our javascript one and we should also grab.
So do a variable and this one we want to see what resource that's going to be using.
So resource or library we can call it resource because then of course Javascript isn't a library.
So we just call it whatever resource we want to use to make the AJAX call and Querrey selector and the
same type of format where we're grabbing it by the name and then whatever the value is within that name.
So it's resource that we don't need to do anything else with that so it just grab it adds value and
let's do a switch over here because we are going to have four different ones so we want to switch depending
on what the resources and depending on what the value is so let's do a case for Jay Querrey as it's
going to be our first one.
And here we can do an AJAX.
It's not going to be us how about G.
Q Jay.
Q For Jay query so it's going to do a GI query call and we're still passing over that same URL and we're
going to add in some additional primers as well.
And because this is a case we need to break that.
And then let's let's just have our default case.
So the default is just going to be this regular javascript point.
So there we go.
So that's all set up and we can duplicate our javascript function and update it for Jay.
CORY.
So next we need to grab a J Corey library we're just going to use CDN.
There's a great resource developers dot Google dot com.
It's got all a bunch of different really useful CD ends.
So I'm going to just grab it from there.
Bring the Jay Querrey library into our project.
Make sure you place that above script.
Place it afterwards it's not going to have access to the query functionality.
So next we've got our G-S we've got to reword this and let's call it JQ and we can keep that console
message of worked.
It's always good to make sure that things are working.
So let's set up our Adjaye recall.
So it's going to be quite a bit different it's going be a lot shorter as well.
And then within here where we to pass a bunch of data.
So if you are l.
We've got a type.
So currently the type is going to be just get.
So we'll just specify that for now and we're going to make it dynamic and you can do success as well
sometimes developers like to use success here and then they grab whatever the data is and then they
maybe do something with the data.
So console log the data.
And in this case let's add that in as done.
So we're going to do.
We're going to chain it together and we're going to create a function here so function.
So when it's done we got that response content coming back.
So a call it response over here to differentiate it.
There we had called it data.
And so next we can output that content.
And yes Cory is quite a bit shorter.
It's a lot more readable too as opposed to what we see within the regular javascript we can get rid
of all of that stuff as well.
So this is a query so let's update our response to be a query.
And we also have a status.
So we're using response.
So it's going to be response status and then we're just going to be outputting that entire response
and the difference here is as well that this is going to be detected.
So if it's in a jigsaw format it's going to detect that it's a case on format.
So when it picks that up and it sends it into our output it's going to take that parameter in it's going
to check to see if it's a string.
It's going to see that it's not a string.
So it's going to parse the object into it's actually just going to do the response text.
So this it does this if it is a string.
So this is the true and that's the false.
So it's going to just return that response text.
And then over here when we're outputting were string firing those values and before we actually go out
this one here we need to grab that by resource because we've got an ID for it.
It's not just an input so that one has an idea of resource.
So let's update that before we try to grab it as an input.
We wouldn't be able to pick that up.
So I think we're ready to try this out.
So let's open up our browser refresh make the request.
So the javascript is still working.
Let's do a query.
So Jay query is working as well.
So we're able to return back that data.
And the reason that's putting it out twice because within the G query we're actually logging out of
that response there.
So if we comment that went out and I'm going to keep that in just as a placeholder in case you want
to use it within the success format.
So there we go.
So a query javascript making their requests all working.
So next.
And let's also make sure that it's outputting properly.
So we've got our g Querrey response so status is undefined.
So let's fix that one up.
And we've got a number of other parameters here that we can return back.
So one of them is the tech status and the last of that return back to that whole a char object.
So this is the entire exit char and then within here that's where we can actually grab the status.
So let's refresh and just make sure everything's working before we move on to the next step.
So we see that we're getting the status of 200.
So that's the one that we wanted.
And Jase javascript response.
So everything's working properly.
So go ahead and update your code and the next lesson we're going to bring in X-ers library.
And then we're also going to do it in fact coming up.
So all of this still to come.